General, this is the North County Chick Bird Princess
The news of the princess just arrived in North County, okay?
Let's just go in.
I am Shucheng Tianjiang
Come and greet
Something's wrong.
Uh-huh.
Be bold and let go of this general's people
Hahahahaha
Oh, I didn't see the baby bird princess.
Are you disappointed and sad?
What a good policy
It actually dominated our marching route
There's a brain here.
A three-year-old can't be fooled
Don't be too arrogant
I still have 50,000 people with unknown skills in the road
I alone am a thousand troops
OK
Oh, dear.
I really think of myself as a fairy
Kill with me!
Bad general
What are you panicking about? Do you still look like a soldier?
Back to the general
Our way back was intercepted
The brother after the power outage is about to be killed by the lock screen.
That's it.
Not fighting to the death
I had to kill him and take back North County
One who takes it up to the head
Feng Wanhuhou